DOCS-11303 Update API Manager documentation for Functional Monitoring (#388)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/latest-overview-concept.adoc

* *Custom Policies*
+
_Custom policies_ are policies that anyone can develop and apply to their APIs, with the intention of extending existing functionality or defining new functionality. This option is available in the UI only for Mule 3 implementations; Mule 4 custom policies are available in Exchange. For details, see xref:custom-policy-getting-started.adoc[Getting Started with Custom Policies Development].
* *DataGraph Administration*
+

> Anypoint DataGraph enables you to leverage the existing capabilities of your application network to drive productivity by unifying all the data within your application network in a unified schema. For details, see xref:datagraph::index.adoc[Anypoint DataGraph Overview].

Reviewer: Do we need all the folderol?
```suggestion
Anypoint DataGraph enables you to unify all the data within your application network in a unified schema. For details, see xref:datagraph::index.adoc[Anypoint DataGraph Overview].
```

* *Analytics*
+
API analytics provide insight into how your APIs are being used and how they are performing. For details, see xref:viewing-api-analytics.adoc[Reviewing Analytics Usage].

<3> The *Manage API* button. Enables you to add an existing API instance from Exchange, to upload a RAML/OAS/SOAP definition, or to import a configuration ZIP file exported from API Manager. For details, see xref:getting-started-proxy.adoc[Getting Started with Managing an API].

<4> The *Environment information* button, available only to administrator users. Enables administrators to display a dialog with information about the current environment, such as environment credentials. Use environment credentials to provision the Anypoint Service Mesh adapter or to configure Studio to sync with your environment.

<5> The *Promote from environment* button. Enables you to promote an API from any environment to the current environment. For details, see xref:promote-api-task.adoc[Promoting an API Instance to Another Environment].

> <6> Search. Enables you to search for managed APIs via the API search field. Note that searches are case-sensitive. Filter search results by selecting *All*, *Favorites*, or *Active*.

Reviewer 2: > Search is not case-sensitive
Note that searches are case-sensitive. User can search by API Name, version or Label.

> Filter search results by selecting *All*, *Favorites*, or *Active*.
Users can currently filter by Active, or clear filtering. In the future we will have more filters, but not for now. Also "Favorites" does not exists anypoint. Favorites are now "Pin" API an shown top of list.

> <7> The tracking registration status of each API: *Active*, *Inactive*, *Deploying*, or *Unregistered*.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<7> The tracking registration status of each API: *Active*, *Inactive*, or *Unregistered*.  
```

+

> A status of *Unregistered* means that Anypoint Platform has never tracked the endpoint for this API version. Either you have entered a URL for an API or proxy that is not yet deployed, or you have declared an endpoint that is hosted somewhere other than an API gateway and need to proxy that endpoint so that the platform can track it.

Reviewer 2: > Either you have entered a URL for an API or proxy that is not yet deployed, or you have declared an endpoint that is hosted somewhere other than an API gateway and need to proxy that endpoint so that the platform can track it.

This is a bit confusing.

Unregistered means that the API or Proxy have never talked at least once with the platform.

> A status of *Unregistered* means that Anypoint Platform has never tracked the endpoint for this API version. Either you have entered a URL for an API or proxy that is not yet deployed, or you have declared an endpoint that is hosted somewhere other than an API Gateway and need to proxy that endpoint so that the platform can track it.

Reviewer: GLOBAL: API Gateway > API gateway, per product naming doc.

+
For details, see xref:defining-sla-tiers.adoc[Reviewing SLA Tiers Concepts].

> <9> The percentage of API requests that resulted in errors (in the previous 24 hours). For additional information on API Functional Monitoring, see xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

Reviewer: GLOBAL: information on > information about, per style ref.

> <9> The percentage of API requests that resulted in errors (in the previous 24 hours). For additional information about API Functional Monitoring, see xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

Reviewer 2: It's not directly related to functional monitoring, but to "Monitoring" product.
https://docs.mulesoft.com/monitoring/

Also, if "No Data" is shown, Monitoring is not enabled for such API.
https://docs.mulesoft.com/monitoring/configure-monitoring-cloudhub#enable-automatic-monitoring-for-apps-that-you-plan-to-deploy-to-cloudhub

> <10> The total number of API requests (in the previous 24 hours). For additional information on API Functional Monitoring, see xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

Reviewer: information about

> <10> The total number of API requests (in the previous 24 hours). For additional information about API Functional Monitoring, see xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

Reviewer 2: Same as above
